Instagram just released a massive
algorithm update. Instagram is changing.
>> Instagram's algorithm. The algorithm is
>> it's all horseshit. These creators will
come on YouTube and make the same video
over and over and over again telling you
that the algorithm is changing and that
you need to keep up with it. But the
truth is the reason on why you're not
going on Instagram isn't because of the
algorithm. And it's definitely not
because you're not keeping up with the
viral trends or [__] viral gimmicks.
It is simply because you do not
understand how the algorithm works. The
algorithm is a game. And once you learn
the rules of the game, then winning the
game becomes quite easy. I've grown my
own Instagram to over 300,000 followers,
and I've also helped over 100 business
owners grow their personal brands past
100,000 followers as well. I can
guarantee that after you learn how the
algorithm actually works and how to make
it work for you, then growing on social
media becomes pretty [__] easy. So,
sit back, take some notes, and
internalize these next four minutes.
Now, first things first, every single
video about the algorithm that doesn't
come from Instagram itself is
theoretical. If someone tells you that
they 100% to know how the algorithm
works, they're lying to you. But you
don't need to know the nitty-gritty
calculations behind the algorithm. All
you need to know is the algorithm's
incentives, and after that, everything
becomes clear. So to even begin to
understand how you should be operating
on Instagram to grow your account, you
must first understand the incentives
Instagram has as a business. Instagram
makes 99% of its revenue. 99% of his
revenue from paid advertisement. What
this means is is that the way that
Instagram grows as a business is by
getting users to stay on their platform
for as long as possible so that
Instagram can show them more ads because
the more ads Instagram can show to
people, the more money they make.
Simple. If no one opened up the app
tomorrow, their business will begin
falling apart. So what is Instagram's
algorithm optimizing for? Watch time.
Because the more time a user spends on
their platform watching videos, the more
money they make as a company. So
everything that the Instagram algorithm
does, every update, every new feature,
and every decision is made to keep users
on their app for longer, and that's
where you and your content starts to
come into play. So if you want to get
more views, then your content needs to
have that same goal in mind. Because if
your content is the reason that people
are staying on the app, then your
content is directly making Instagram
money. But on the flip side, if people
are just scrolling past your videos in
the first 3 seconds, then you're costing
Instagram money. And once you understand
that, going viral becomes a very simple
game. So here's how that game works.
Whenever you post a video, you know that
Instagram just doesn't blast it out to a
million people. It tests your video with
a small group of people that have
already shown interest in the topic of
your video. So let's say you are a
fitness coach, for example, and you post
a video about how to lose weight. What
Instagram is going to do is it's going
to show your video to a small percentage
of viewers that have shown interest in
the topic of weight loss. But here's the
thing, you're not the only video that
they're testing. Instagram has millions
of weight loss videos to choose from.
So, it's not about if your video
performs well or not within this test
group. It's about how well your video
performs within this test group in
comparison to all of the other videos
that the algorithm can choose from. And
how they choose is they look at the
data, which video has the most
engagement and which video holds people
on their platform for the longest. So,
if your video ranks the highest, well,
that is how you achieve virality and
that is how you [__] win. And all of
a sudden, you begin to realize this is
not a game of you versus the algorithm.
This is a game of you versus every other
creator that the algorithm has to choose
from. So, this isn't a single player
game to where you're constantly trying
to fight this final boss called the
algorithm. Not at all. This is a
multiplayer game. You're not playing
against the algorithm. The algorithm is
just a matchmaker. It's the referee. And
this matchmaker doesn't have opinions.
It doesn't have favorites. It's not out
here to just [__] get to you. its
only job is to choose the most effective
video in the pool of selection. And that
pool of selection, that is your
competition. Every other creator who
posts videos in your niche, that is who
you're trying to beat. So, if you ever
think that your videos aren't performing
because the algorithm hates you or
you're shadowbanned, you've already
[__] lost. The only reason why your
videos aren't performing is simply
because they aren't good enough yet. If
they were, then they would be a [__]
gold mine for the platform. And of
course, Instagram want to show your
video to everyone because they are
financially incentivized to do so. And
before you start to think,
>> but the algorithm changes all the time,
>> let me just nip that [__] in the ass
real quick. Yes, the algorithm does
change, but the game stays the same.
Like we talked about earlier, Instagram
only has one incentive, keeping people
on their platform for longer. That is
it. And every single update that the
algorithm is going to make is of course
just trying to do that to one thing
better. So yeah, the algorithm is going
to change, but it's going to change with
that same goal in mind of keeping users
on their platform for as long as
possible. So, no, the algorithm isn't
just going to start suddenly pushing out
dog [__] videos because of a new hashtag
update. All the updates is going to do
is refine the algorithm's ability to
choose the best videos. How can it show
better videos to the right people faster
so that people stay on the app for
longer and see more ads? That is what
it's focused on. And your job is the
same. Make a video so good that people
cannot physically scroll past. So now
that you understand that you're not up
against some mystery system and that
you're up against the selection that the
system has, you can now take
responsibility and say if my video
didn't get as many views as I wanted to,
it simply just wasn't good enough. And I
don't say that to you to be a [__]
It's a good thing because if it was just
the algorithm's fault, then you're
[__] But if it's your fault, then you
can be the one to fix it. That is the
difference between losers and winners in
this game. Losers will just blame the
referee. Losers will say that the
algorithm changed and that and they'll
also say that I'm shadowbanned. But
winners, winners learn the rules of the
game and then do whatever the [__] they
have to do to win the game under those
rules. Which means the question is no
longer why isn't Instagram showing my
content. The real question becomes, why
isn't my content worth showing? You are
not special. You are not shadowbanned.
You were just not good enough yet. So,
stop wasting time trying to hack the
system and stop letting [__] trick
you into think that you need to continue
watching their gimmicky the algorithm
has changed horseshit videos. Just
realize that the only thing that you
need to focus on is beating the other
players in your lobby. Beat the
selection that the algorithm has and
start creating videos that keep people
on the platform for longer than everyone
else's. If you can do that, then you
begin to win the game. Create better
[__] videos. Now, obviously that is
easier said than done, but if you want
to learn how to create better videos, it
starts with your hook. So, here's a
video somewhere on the [__] screen
giving you the three hook templates that
you can copy and paste and instantly
start making better videos. And if
you're a highle business owner who wants
to grow their business with organic
content and you're curious to know what
it looks like for us to work with you
directly to help you do that, then go
ahead and click the first link in the
description for more details. Mouse.